Well, you can never be quite one hundred percent sure but they gave me the option on the restart would have been hard to keep up.
Albon was already all over me before the safety car had happened and I was already out front.
So if I stayed out, front is cool again since I'm on the hard tire and I struggle with the heating and lost position.
It was a great race I thoroughly enjoyed it a little bit upset in the end for of course I didn't want to never want to collide with anyone and of course I was taking risks today.
I went on the inside of Albon.
I naturally take it on me, I was coming from behind but yeah.
He was doing a great job so apologies to him.
I think the Red Bulls were the best and they truly deserved the win, they did a better job.
Yeah but I had no yellow flag or anything on my dash so yeah.
I saw the car but that's it.
Yeah I don't know it would be a bit weird I mean the second lap was good enough so.
We have a good race car as well so we just have to wait and see what's happening at the start.
But I think then even let's say it doesn't work out at the start we still have an exciting race.
And then in turn 3 I had to close because I was aware Seb would try again and he did, he went around the outside which there was little space but I left the space which he took and towards the end of the straight he started to squeeze me a little to the inside and we were very close.
So everything happened very quick and as soon as he went to the inside we touched and then I had a puncture.
Not yet, I spoke to Mattia but that's it.
I haven't seen Seb yet but I'm pretty sure we are mature enough to put that behind us in the end we both feel extremely sorry for the team.
For the future we will put that behind and continue to work together.
Yeah, it was fun obviously, we like to fight for first and second but unfortunately today we were not quick enough and at the end yeah we had different strategies and I had newer tires and was able to pass him but like I said, you know we like to battle you know and fight for first and second again, hopefully soon.
We need to close it in the next couple of days.
Well I think that we need to work better and have a better car in Ferrari and we have the potential, we have the talented people so we need to put everything together.
It's going to be tough, it's going to be tough, you know.
We are too far behind, not for Ferrari for everyone to compete with Mercedes but is few races of the championship so our work is to make things not that easy for Mercedes.
When they have big gap they don't stress the mechanical side and everything so we can do better.
Yeah, I mean I'm going to be really greedy and say one more position would have been perfect.
I actually talked a little bit about the podium you know, yesterday afternoon and I knew we weren't that far from it so yeah, one more position we would have got it today.
You know they always copped a lot of grief on power circuits so they made a big step this year so I'm happy.
Yeah, It's completely different circuit but street circuits is another thing I enjoy and Singapore's a great venue so I'm excited for that.
Yeah, I had pizza every night this week so I don't know if I'll find pizza everywhere in Singapore but the Italian diet works here so I'll try a Singapore diet next week and maybe that gives me a bit of extra fuel.
So this is something that we've been working on for a while.
We kind of had this idea of doing our own place and you know thankfully from the efforts of Maddy and Jimmy T, all these great same guys that were involved with the new record of course and all the touring that we did that we do.
Not too long actually it's all new.
So this facility is after the fact actually for this record we went away.
That inside shot if there is any people I want to visit in New York, this was at this unbelievable mining cavern in really upstate New York.
It looked like we were on the surface of another planet like insane so that was cool.
There was kind of a Southern rock influence you had bands like remember the Railroad Ducks.
But then you had this really influential and important punk rock scene here and then you also had go-go music which is a specific type of funk that really is only in Washington DC
Yeah I mean it really did you know there was a DC sound and that series had a lot to do with how the environment, the atmosphere of the place that you're making music influences the sound of music.
So we went to eight different cities and you know there was a time when everything wasn't so interconnected that places really did have a regional identity.
I'm yet to put it into something quite as succinct as that but perhaps in the next hour or so we can come up with a perfect line.
I've lost something that I had back then.
Well I think I can't remember having any ideas before the piano arrived in my spare room might have a little studio.
Well I had lessons a little bit as an eight year old kid not for very long, I never got much further than Ode To Joy, I don't think but it gave me, you know, it was the first time I've done anything with a musical instrument.
The more I kind of started just making little demos and tunes and stuff the more I like got into the idea of it being my LA album.
Well I still do believe that at the end of the day geography shouldn't have anything to do with it.
I have never been consciously aware of it, you know like so much of the music I started making I made it in my bedroom in a really dirty shared house in a very unglamorous part of WI.
When we actually started recording the album we had this beautiful place, when we like rented this kind of beach shack match and that's the only thing I asked for in the budget though.
Sometimes yeah it's a range like sometimes that's something I've always been proud about or like that I've had a sense of pride about you know is like sometimes I'll just think of a song when it is fully formed in my mind.
I think it was something I was attracted to because back then I had even less of an idea of what I'm doing now I like to think I've never really had much of an idea of what I'm doing because that's I think part of the essence of it.
Mike's the first person to give me a shot really like he just heard my song writing and I mean besides Neo and Compound, shout out to everybody over there but after that he was the first person to be like as an artist I want to develop you kinda thing and then when he realized he couldn't be developing me because I was just developing myself, we kind of just parted ways for a minute.
yeah so the tortoise is officially sold out and we're not talking about merchandise, that's why I called it digital drug lord because I'm literally just like I don't know, thank God I'm not on a label.